Fix generic APIModule feeds (#14490)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedAWS/ReleaseNotes/1_1_7.md

#### Integrations
##### AWS Feed

> Fixed an issue when fetching indicators in Cortex XSOAR version below 6.5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where fetching indicators in Cortex XSOAR with a version below 6.5.0 would fail.
```
